Tweaks to Github docs (#4907)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/github.html.md

  This team allows the user to create a branch in a GOV.UK repository and open a pull request, but only a developer can merge the request.
  Only content designers should be added to this team.

## Getting access to GitHub

If your role requires access to Github, you'll need to be added to the organisation and the relevant team(s) through Terraform, in [govuk-user-reviewer][govuk-user-reviewer] - _not_ manually added through the GitHub UI itself, as this breaks the Terraform setup. Note that you will have to accept the invite sent via email before you're added to the organisation.

- If you're an engineer or contractor, ask your tech lead to add you by following the instructions in [govuk-user-reviewer][govuk-user-reviewer].
- If you don't have a tech lead, [ask someone in Senior Tech](/manual/ask-for-help.html#contact-senior-tech) to add you.
- If you're a content designer, ask for GitHub access via Zendesk (see [example ticket](https://govuk.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/5812930)). Make sure you include the `govuk_platform_support` tag.

In these last two cases, you must state:

- your role
- which team you're in
- why you need access
- your GitHub username

> - which GitHub team(s) you should join ([see list](#govuk-teams))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- which GitHub team(s) you should join ([see list](#gov-uk-teams-in-github))
```
The `id` will change after the header is updated from `GOV.UK teams` to `GOV.UK teams in Github`

## Removing access to GitHub

Users are removed from the GitHub organisation when their entry in [govuk-user-reviewer][govuk-user-reviewer] is deleted.

> ## Creating and configuring a new GOV.UK repo

Reviewer: I would almost make it a new separate page, it doesn't seem to come up in search otherwise.

Author: Thanks, yes I wondered that. Will have a go
